add synthetics multi factor authentication docs (#4444)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/serverless/synthetics/synthetics-mfa.mdx

---
slug: /serverless/observability/synthetics-mfa
title: Multi-factor Authentication (MFA) for browser monitors
# description: Description to be written
tags: []
---

<p>
  <DocBadge template="technical preview" />
</p>

<div id="synthetics-mfa"></div>

Multi-factor Authentication (MFA) adds an essential layer of security to
applications login processes, protecting against unauthorized access. A very

> common usecase in Synthetics is testing user journeys that involves websites
> behind protected behind MFA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
common usecase in Synthetics is testing user journeys that involves websites
protected behind MFA.
```

Synthetics supports testing websites secured by Time-based One-Time Password

> (TOTP), a common MFA method that provides short lived One Time tokens that are
> desirable for enhancing security. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
(TOTP), a common MFA method that provides short-lived one-time tokens to
enhance security.
```

> ## Configuring using TOTP

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Configuring TOTP for MFA
```

> To test a browser journey that uses TOTP for MFA, you need to first configure the
> Synthetics authenticator token in your application. To do that, you can generate a One
> Time Password (OTP) using the Synthetics CLI, refer to <DocLink slug="/serverless/observability/synthetics-command-reference" section="@elastic/synthetics totp <secret>">.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To test a browser journey that uses TOTP for MFA, first configure the
Synthetics authenticator token in the target application. To do this, generate a One-Time
Password (OTP) using the Synthetics CLI; refer to <DocLink slug="/serverless/observability/synthetics-command-reference" section="@elastic/synthetics totp <secret>">.
```

```sh
npx @elastic/synthetics totp <secret>

// prints
OTP Token: 123456
```

> ## Using TOTP token inside the journeys

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Applying the TOTP Token in Browser Journeys
```

> Once the Synhetics TOTP Authentication is configured in your application, you can now use the OTP token in the synthetics browser

Author: ```suggestion
Once the Synthetics TOTP Authentication is configured in your application, you can now use the OTP token in the synthetics browser
```

journeys using the `mfa` object imported from `@elastic/synthetics`.

```ts
import { journey, step, mfa } from "@elastic/synthetics";

journey("MFA Test", ({ page, params }) => {
  step("Login using TOTP token", async () => {
    // login using username and pass and go to 2FA in next page
    const token = mfa.token(params.MFA_GH_SECRET);
    await page.getByPlaceholder("token-input").fill(token);
  });
});
```

> For monitors that are created from the Synthetics UI using the Script editor, `mfa` object can be accessed as shown below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For monitors created in the Synthetics UI using the Script editor, the `mfa` object can be accessed as shown below:
```
